So now we need to add the panel on
the right so we can get ready for
our sentiment stuff.
So let's do that.
We're going to do that
in the journal ID page.
So right next to the editor.
So what we can do is we can just
make this probably the easiest
way is probably just to do a grid.
So we're gonna say grid.
And you can say this has like a columns,
or
I'm sorry, grid calls of 3 like that.
You're at this editor and a div.
And we can say, you have a call span,
Of 2 of that 3, basically.
And then we can go down here and
we can say this is where
like the AI stuff will go.
All right, so just some basic Tailwind and
you can see it's already sectioned off for
us here.
Pretty good.
Let's just make a visual separation at
a border left with
a border black of like 5.
I think that's the other
ones are like 10 I think.
There we go.
So now we got that visual border there.
Cool.
And then for the AI stuff,
we'll just try our best to,
I don't know exactly what
I had on the last one, so
I'm just gonna remake it cuz I
don't think it was that crazy.
If we had like a top panel at the top that
had the word analysis on it then that
would change colors.
So let's do that.
So this will be like the color one.
We'll just put a hard
coded color in here for
now give like a background of like
blue 300 something like that.
Give it some padding, so
PX of 6 maybe and a PY of 10 and
so just say, analysis,
I'll just put a H2 in here.
Analysis, and
it'll look something like that.
The tricky thing with having the colors
change is that it could be any color and
some colors, depending on the color.
The text has to be black or white.
And cuz I don't know what color it'll be,
[LAUGH], it's always gonna look back.
There's a way around it.
I can force the AI to only
pick one of these colors, but
I didn't feel like doing that.
But you could totally do that.
And in that way, yeah,
there's a way around it.
I mean, there's actually a tool that will
probably take a hexadecimal string and
then tell you what color your text
should be in order for it to be legible.
I guarantee there's an NPM package for
that.
We could probably use that to actually,
that'd be the best package.
If it bothers me, we'll do that.
I'll just make the text
a little bigger here 2XL.
So we have that, everything
after this is like a UL here, so
let's make a div, a UL in here.
And each one of these LI's
is gonna be something.
So I think we had, what do we have?
We have the subject,
we had the mood, we had the summary.
And then we had whether it was negative or
not, right?
I think we had those.
Yeah, so this would be the subject so
I can say,
guess the easiest way to do this,
it's just like make these a flex I guess.
I don't feel like writing
a bunch of LI's so
I'm just gonna make
an array appear somewhere..
Because that's just annoying and
I'll just say analysis data it's
gonna be an array of objects and
a name in this case we'll
have subject like this.
And we'll just hard-code it we'll
just put an empty string here for
now I got to turn this copilot
off I can't just do that.
It's going to, I just can't do it.
There we go.
So we've got the subject there, and
then the value will just be a string for
now, and then we have the summary.
Actually, I think the summary is first,
yeah, and then subject, and
then we have the mood and then we have,
whether it was negative or not.
Cool so we got the analysis data and
then we'll just loop over them
with these allies down here.
So, analysis data.map, get the item,
and let's just make an LI, like that.
And then, each one of these things in
the LI, I mean, I guess the easiest way to
probably do this is just a flex,
so you can say class name.
Flex align, I'm sorry,
items-center, and then justify-between.
So they're on far ends of each other.
[COUGH] And then, in-between the LI we
can just do item we did two things.
So we'll say, let's make a span and
we'll say item.name.
And then the next one will be item.value.
Let me change that to a word called
false and not a Boolean called false.
Save that and add a key so
it can shut up and
I'll leave it for a minute.
I mean, it's really just us iterating over
an array of objects and making some LI's.
I do that a lot when I have like static
data, because I'd rather write an array
of objects than write 4 LI's,
I don't want to write this 4 times.
It's just terrible because them I'm like,
it's not styled correctly,
I got to add some more classes.
You got to do that in 4 different places,
no.
[LAUGH] Versus just doing this.
And obviously,
this data is gonna be dynamic anyway,
we're gonna get this from the back end,
but for now, yeah.
If you like, took this a step further and
this is nothing to do what we're working
on, but
you can have like a data-driven UI.
Imagine taking some data and
using that data to describe a UI.
You can have a UI that looks different for
every single person.
Add some AI into that you can have AI
create a specific UI for a specific person
based off like the things they watch, the
things they do, the questions they ask.
This is something that I had to
explore a lot when I was making a CMS,
like, how do we allow people to
create whatever UI's they want,
and it basically came down
to iterating over stuff.
Ok, cool we got that.
Yeah I guess we wanna take
this div with this UL and
not put it in the div with
a with a blue background.
We'll put it after I guess.
I'm just gonna do that.
There we go.
And guess we could just make these
things look a little better.
So for the title here,
I could just say give me
this like a text large, and then text,
semi-bold, the font semi-bold,
I don't know, we'll see.
I don't think that did anything.
>> It's fine.
>> It's fine?
>> Yeah, it's fine.
OK, font semi bold.
I guess we can add some padding to
this because it's kind of gross.
So PX of like 2, there we go.
And even some padding Y
as well let's do like 4.
There we go.
And last thing would be
like a border bottom,
border top with a border black of 10.
Cool, all right.
Warm it up with some basic stuff here
to get those fingers juices going.
>> Did you throw the border?
>> Yeah, so threw the border on the LI.
So border bottom, border top,
and then border black, and
I did 10% opacity on the black.
You can make yours look however you want.
The design part is subjective,
it's up to you, but
that's the information I'm putting here.
Okay, so let's get everything that we need
in order to have this analysis working.
So before we can do the AI stuff,
we need to have somewhere where
this analysis is saved, right?
So let's go check out our schema.
That's where we save
things in our database.
So if you go here, We already have
it we have a model called analysis.
You can see we have mood.
We have summer we have
color we have negative.
What we need to do now is we need to
generate this analysis every time
the journal entry is changed.
So when is the journal entry changed?
Well, I guess once when it's created and
then once again when it's updated.
So we need to go to those
two places in which
we're creating a journal
entry on the backend and
when we're updating a journal entry on
the backend and create a new analysis.
But before we could do that, we need to
find some way to generate this analysis.
So that's where the AI stuff comes in.